Docs update for request security (#33974)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/security.md

You can configure Grafana to only allow certain IP addresses or hostnames to be used as data source URLs and proxied through the Grafana data source proxy. Refer to [data_source_proxy_whitelist]({{< relref "../administration/configuration/#data-source-proxy-whitelist" >}}) for usage instructions.

> ## Request security

Reviewer: This can be read two ways depending on if a "request" is interpreted as a noun or a verb here. I suggest rewriting this so it is clearer, such as 

Configure request security
Add request security

Reviewer: @mjseaman, something for you to be aware of.

Request security makes it possible to limit requests from the Grafana server, and it targets requests that are generated by users.

> > Request security is only available in Grafana Enterprise v7.4 and later versions. For more information, refer to [Request security]({{< relref "../enterprise/request-security.md" >}}) in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../enterprise" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Request security is available in Grafana Enterprise v7.4 and later versions. For more information, refer to [Request security]({{< relref "../enterprise/request-security.md" >}}) in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../enterprise" >}}).
```

> Request security makes it possible to limit requests from the Grafana server, and it targets requests that are generated by users.
> 
> > **Note:** Request security is available in Grafana Enterprise v7.4 and later versions. For more information, refer to [Request security]({{< relref "../enterprise/request-security.md" >}}) in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../enterprise" >}}).
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The request security configuration option allows users to limit requests from the Grafana server. It targets requests that are generated by users. For more information, refer to [Request security]({{< relref "../enterprise/request-security.md" >}}) in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../enterprise" >}}).

> **Note:** Request security is available in Grafana Enterprise v7.4 and later versions. 

```
